Let's look at something else real quick,
which is this works because
we are seeding the database.
And we're making real network
calls to the real database and
we're just putting the database
back together again.
Where are all the places
that this won't work?
Anyone wanna take a guess?
Well, one, things that I don't control,
[LAUGH] right?
I can reset my database,
I can't reset a third party database.
I might not even be able to
reset another team's database.
Right, like when I worked at Twilio, yeah.
I didn't have access to the user
store I couldn't make users,
right, that was not a thing, and so
there was a lot of cases where
even internally I didn't have
the ability to do the things
that I wanted to do, right?
Could you, so Cypress has this
limitation where it doesn't
allow you to spawn new windows or
additional tabs.
This is like an intentional design,
but even if you could,
you don't want your test breaking, cuz
Google changed their OAuth page, right?
Also, you just don't wanna do that.
But also, even if you did pull it
off with a super command that, okay,
we'll actually like move to that page.
And we'll take,
the target new all that kind of stuff.
The chance that Google changes the name
of a button or anything that you
don't control is an area where
flakiness enters your tests, right?
And so you really want is listen I need
depending on what it is like is it a job,
a JSON Web token, is it a cookie?
Like what did I need in place for
this to happen?
Because again,
if I'm testing like filtering or
sorting or
some interaction pattern, right,
then I don't always want to do all those
things cuz yeah, those are all slow even.
We have less code for
signing in and signing up,
the act is still happening, right?
So, yeah,
internal API's that we don't own,
which is a large set of them in my case.
Any kind of OAuth logic from Google auth
zero or what have you, that could change.
API's that you just don't control like
you're pulling in from the GitHub API,
you're not gonna see their data base,
their production database,
it's not something,
you're welcome or invited to do.
So you need to figure out what
you're gonna do along those lines.
Also you might wanna create conditions,
right,
like what happens if we get
a 500 from the server, right.
The one thing I have learned from doing
these workshops I create bugs all
the time.
Have you ever intentionally
tried to create a bug?
You ever tried to intentionally make
an app slow, or have something that shoots
out five hundreds, like randomly or
on purpose when you want it to?
It's not easy.
And so the ability to just say like,
Listen, I'm going to hit that API,
you're going to tell me that
things went poorly, right?
It's a lot easier than trying to create
Fictitious cuz then you're writing more
code to simulate failure, [LAUGH] Right?
That you could get wrong
than anything else, so
it becomes a kinda useful way to do it.
So let's kind of look at
just kinda one example here.
We've got this side dot intercept, and
it's a whole bunch of different
API footprints, right.
You can just pass it a URL or
you can pass a URL and a method or
you can give an object that
has multiple things in it.
This is a slightly more sophisticated one,
but
It could just be a string,
it could just be get and then a URL.
So the first part though is what kind of
HTTP requests do we want to intercept?
Right, so this would be get to
anything from our base URL/users,
after that you're welcome to use globs.
So like a star will be
just one thing star,
star/star will be sub directories and
a greedier glob.
In that case, you want to use regex,
you can use regex.
It's just what is the matching logic for
the URL that we want to intercept and
also what methods do we want to intercept.
And then effectively what do we want to F,
sometimes you just wanna make
sure the API got called, right?
As I'm working on the filter logic for
temporal, right, I trust
the temporal server is going to filter
my workflows with their API contract,
right, like, it's rock solid in
production use, I trust it, right?
They have their tests, right?
So I wanna make sure that with
all the fidgeting of slacks and
radio buttons that I'm sending
the right set of parameters there.
So in that case, I wanna intercept,
I don't necessarily need to mock out
a response or stub in a response.
I just wanna say when they
change that input field,
I should fire off an Ajax
request appropriately.
All right, but
if you did wanna mock out a response,
that's the second argument, which is cool.
What if we never talked to the server?
And we just gave you back some JSON
that you could expect from the server?
Right, and this is great because it now
means you want to run this in CI CD,
right isolated from everything else.
You can totally do that.
You might also have a set of integration
tests, but like for your general kind of,
fast tests you wanna run all the time.
This is great, you might also have
the integration test running.
And then most of the time,
we will give it an alias, right,
because we might wanna need
to refer to this later.
Did this get called, right, at all?
Sometimes you wanna be like,
hey, they hit the fetch button.
That I want don't this same way
that a times out after four seconds
of a thing is on the page is if the API
never got called that's problematic.
The other thing you have the four
folders that were created for
us is a fixture which is you
can put in a JavaScript object.
But if I think about the workflows
in 10 portal, it's like,
I think Max says 1, 000, and
they all it's a big payload.
I don't want that my test file.
So I have a JSON file, which is literally,
I went to the Network tab in Chrome,
copied the response, put in a JSON file.
Now I run against those tests
which are real ish, right?
But I don't have to have a Docker
retainer up and running with temporal and
all those kinds of things.
I just wanna make sure that the things
I expect on the page are there, so
on and so forth.
Right, cuz we had a bug last week where
the height wasn't big enough on the table,
which made the Virtual lists
library not render anything.
Tests would have caught that a lot faster,
right, there's a test for now, but yeah.
I don't necessarily need
the responses to be real to make sure
that my virtual list library
didn't eat some of the responses.
So there's a bunch of different kinda
footprints, you can just give it a URL and
then save it, that will be nice for
just, what's it called?
You can give the method in the URL, I only
want put requests that I'm looking for
to this URL or delete requests.
A route matcher is effectively a function
where it gives you the request and
you JavaScript things until you figure
out what you want in this case.
And refer to the docs or
some of the stuff.
Second argument can either be
a static response as well or
another route handler where we're
gonna give you the response object.
If you've ever written any matter
like express with like request and
response objects and the bodies and
the prams and stuff along those lines.
It's basically you can you can
either just given an object or
you can play with those and
get all JavaScript as well, right?
So here's the static responses,
we could just say a body.
I can give it a status code, right,
as you need these different things,
as you're creating different situations.
You can say what headers you want,
what bar do you want?
What status code basically simulate,
all of these different cases, as well.
So if you make a post to greatest-bands,
you can maybe have it 500 if they
have Oasis in there, right, or
something along those lines.
Again, with the request and
the response you can also like reply
to it the same way you would do
an express basically your own
little mock server for
the purposes of writing your tests.
And I'm not gonna go
through all of this but for
the different things that you might need
you can do all sorts of different stuff to
simulate whatever your API works.
Could you theoretically there's
also side out requests that allows
you to fire them could you theoretically
test your API with Cypress.
Yes, I'm not sure, I don't,
there's a reason why you might want to,
I don't think you need to,
but you could, right?
With a lot of these pieces as well I
think it is more interesting to mock and
stub and make sure that the right requests
are being made or stub in a response.
So spying either on the requests or
stubbing in a response so
that I can figure out is my app doing the
right things cuz that's if the API breaks.
Yeah, I'm like, that's not good.
I'm also not gonna be
the one that fixes it.
All right, and I don't need my builds
breaking because of that, right?
I need to know for
my things doesn't matter.
All right, so let's jump into a file.
We'll see some of these in action for
a little bit.
We'll do the parts that
are interesting to us.
And then there's a second app where
you can take a little bit of this for
a spin your self.
So in my collection of apps, I have this
other one here called Pokemon search, yes.
>> In terms of to a socket communication,
would you use
a mock server or
spin up to cyphers instances somehow?
>> I would do the mock
server at that point.
Right, the same way that I have my dev
server running that I'm hitting, right,
like that dev server,
if I have sockets I'm likely.
I'm probably not talking,
I wanna know that the things show
up in the socket at the right time.
Right, I might use tasks to kick off
different sockets from happening, but
in the same way, this is again running at
localhost 3000 and serving my application.
I technically have a server running
that Cypress is going to visit,
I would do something very similar for
any kind of WebSocket like work as well.
Yeah, you don't have to send
out your requests in Cyprus,
you could have a fake server that is
serving the API requests as well.
That is something we did at Sendgrid,
worked to great effect,
my buddy Alex worked on it.
The product was called Neko,
the mock server was called Mako.
I'm just really proud of his
naming convention there.
You can do that as well.
You don't have to do any of this if
you don't want to if it is easy for
you to have a mock API server that you
spin up concurrently with your web
development server,
that is a total option that works.
I just not gonna cover because it's
not necessary Cypress is setting up
an express server, right.
There are libraries where you can
like record network responses and
like playback the last good ones and
stuff along those lines.
There's a bunch of ways
that you can handle this.
We're gonna talk about the Cypress ones.
So few things that this app does,
I can type in this box.
As I do that, you can see that fires off
a network request that shows loading,
it updates the query frame like I
was talking about with temporals UI.
It shows you the results, and
if I click on that one it routes
me with the query frame intact
to send an additional request.
Right, and
also shows it here cuz I got carried away.
I don't know why I did that,
so effectively it's sending
requests on every keystroke
showing a loading indicator,
showing the results has some routing
string if I refresh this page or
even Changes to char not
in actual ciphers or
as I'll probably get me
in trouble you can see
that pre populates the input field.
So it's basically taking a pattern
that we have in our real world app and
I'm making it slightly different.
I work on an open source project now, so
I don't have to worry about lawyers if I
pull out real code anymore,
but it was also,
I didn't need to explain what workflow
executions were at this exact moment.
Pokemon seemed easier at the time.
So it fills all of that in for us.